{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6667\c6667\c6667;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is an assignment from CSC 505 - Computer Programming and Data Structures. \
\
HOMEWORK 8 - XML to CSV:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'93For this assignment you will create an XML to CSV file converter.\'a0 The homework idea came because apparently Microsoft likes to torture people using Macs making reading data from XML to Excel much more complicated than it is on the Windows version.\'a0 So we're just going to build a converter to CSV files since we know how to use Python and work with files and both versions of Excel handle CSV files the same.\'a0 I've attached the same data set in XML and CSV form as examples.\'a0\'a0\
Your program should:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Request the XML file name from the user\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Request the desired CSV file name from the user\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Read in the XML file\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Convert the XML format to the CSV format\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Write out the CSV file\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Handle exceptions when reading and writing the files\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 I see two approaches to this assignment.\'a0 The first is using what you have learned about programming so far and build all the functionality yourself (this is possible with what you know).\'a0 The second is exploring Python modules to find the existing code to do read XML data, write CSV data, and handle data frames.\'94\
Attached files: \
1. csvExample.csv (to give example of desired output)\
2. xmlExampl.xml (provided data to convert into CSV)\

\fs20 \
}